Clarify access level needed for secrets in web interface (#2330)
github/docs: data/reusables/github-actions/permissions-statement-secrets-repository.md

> To manage secrets using the web interface, you must be the repository owner for a user account repository, or have `admin` access for an organization repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create secrets for a user account repository, you must be the repository owner. To create secrets for an organization repository, you must have `admin` access.
```
